chore: Add research-method skill (#756)
TorchJD/torchjd: skills/research-method/SKILL.md

---
name: research-method
description: Researches about a new method (scalarizer or aggregator) from the scientific literature and how to integrate it to TorchJD. Use when a contributor is interested into adding a new aggregator, scalarizer, or a new method that could be either, that is not already listed in the tracking issues.
---

# Research new method

> This skill researched about a new method by reading the paper and the existing implementations, proposing a plan for a TorchJD implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This skill researches about a new method by reading the paper and the existing implementations, proposing a plan for integrating an implmentation in TorchJD.
```

> **For agents:** invoke as `/implement-method method-name (paper-name)` (e.g. `/implement-method upgradi (Jacobian Descent for Multi-objective Optimization)`).

Author: ```suggestion
**For agents:** invoke as `/implement-method method-name (paper-name)` (e.g. `/implement-method upgrad (Jacobian Descent for Multi-objective Optimization)`).
```

If no method name is provided, ask the user for the name of the method and the title of the paper.

**For humans:** follow the numbered steps below to guide you in your development.

---

## Instructions

### Step 1: Generate a tracking summary

On GitHub, we have a tracking issue for scalarizers (https://github.com/SimplexLab/TorchJD/issues/667) and one for aggregators (https://github.com/SimplexLab/TorchJD/issues/665).
The first goal is to generate a new row for the table in the appropriate tracking issue.

> You will also have to find the official implementation (if any), that could be linked in the paper, and the most known non-official implementations (search in particular in LibMTL, libmoon and pymoo, and search for more repos online). You will have to find the exact file(s) and lines in which the method is implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also have to find the official implementation (if any), that could be linked in the paper, and the most known non-official implementations (search in particular in LibMTL, libmoon and pymoo, and search for more repos online). You will have to find the exact files and lines in which the method is implemented.
```
